My Raw Writing:
Shantel and Todd Were discussing their ties of kinship during their living in Japan.
He mets his family in United states of America  where all family members gather together in mom's home.
he spends a time with his sister on cafe .He seems not interested in social media as he ont have instgram account or facebook .He just have twitter
and not opens it from phone but only on his computer.

shantel keep her ties of kinship by calling her family members on skype the most. The most person she calls is her father as his 
schedule is look like her .He wakes up very early .Her father gets mad if she doesn't call him for a long time so so he call her to 
assure she is okay .She also knows their last news using facebook. She do not have a twitter 
or insta she is a facebook user only.She usally speaks to her father ,her brother and mother any time she wants on facebook.
she doesn't speak to her brother frequently as he is so busy in his work .she speaks about once or twice a month.
She calls her father.It seems well that they keep on line withe their family
using facebook and skype beacuse Japan is so far from America. 	

After grammar Checker:

Shantel and Todd Were discussing their ties of kinship during their living in Japan.

He meets his family in the United States of America, where all family members gather together in Mom's home.

He spends some time with his sister at the cafe. He seems not interested in social media, as he doesn't have an Instagram account or Facebook.He just has Twitter.

and not open it from his phone but only on his computer.

Shantel keeps her ties of kinship by calling her family members on Skype the most. The most person she calls is her father, as his 

schedule is looking like her. He wakes up very early. Her father gets mad if she doesn't call him for a long time, so he calls her to 

assure she is okay. She also knows their last news using Facebook. She does not have a Twitter. 

or on Instagram she is a Facebook user only. She usually speaks to her father, her brother, and her mother any time she wants on Facebook.

She doesn't speak to her brother frequently, as he is so busy in his work. she speaks about once or twice a month.

She calls her father.It seems well that they keep in line with their family.

using Facebook and Skype beacuse Japan is so far from America. 	

After paraphrase Checker:

Both Todd and Shantel During their time in Japan, they were talking about their familial relationships.
He meets his family in the United States of America, where they all congregate in Mom's home.
He goes to the cafe with his sister for a while. Since he doesn't have a Facebook or Instagram account,
 it appears that he has little interest in social media.
He exclusively uses Twitter on his PC, not on his phone.
Shantel maintains familial links by making frequent Skype calls to her family members. 
Her father receives the most calls from her because his schedule resembles hers. He is an early riser.
He is an early riser. Her father calls her to make sure she's alright because he gets upset if she doesn't phone him for a while.
 She is also aware of their most recent Facebook news. She is not a Twitter user. 
or Instagram, she exclusively uses Facebook. On Facebook, she often communicates with her mother, 
father, and brother whenever she wishes.
Due to his hectic work schedule, she doesn't talk to her brother very much. 
She talks once or twice a month on average.
She gives her dad a call.Given how far away Japan is from America, it appears that they utilize Facebook and Skype 
to stay in touch with their relatives.

